fix(lb): add more info about S3 failover (#2726)
scaleway/docs-content: network/load-balancer/concepts.mdx

## S3 failover

[S3 failover](/network/load-balancer/how-to/set-up-s3-failover/) is a feature that allows you to redirect users to a static website hosted on Scaleway Object Storage, in the case that none of your Load Balancer's backends are available to serve the requested content. This website could be a simple, single webpage or else something much more complex: you build it according to your own requirements. 

> If you don't set up an S3 failover, and none of your backend servers are available, your users will instead see a standard HTTP error displayed in their browser, e.g. `503 Service Unavailable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not set up an S3 failover, and none of your backend servers are available, your users will instead see a standard HTTP error displayed in their browser, e.g. `503 Service Unavailable`.
```
